---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ytsaurus_account Resource - ytsaurus"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Accounts are used to control and share the cluster's resources between users.
  More information:
  https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/storage/accounts
---

# ytsaurus_account (Resource)

Accounts are used to control and share the cluster's resources between users.

More information:
https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/storage/accounts



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) YTsaurus account name
- `resource_limits` (Attributes) Resource limits for the account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_limits))

### Optional

- `acl` (Attributes List) A list of ACE records. More information: https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/storage/access-control (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl))
- `inherit_acl` (Boolean) Enable or disable ACL inheritance from an object's parents.
- `parent_name` (String) Parent account name

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ObjectID in YTsaurus cluster, can be found in object's @id attribute

<a id="nestedatt--resource_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_limits`

Required:

- `chunk_count` (Number) Number of chunks
- `disk_space_per_medium` (Map of Number) Disk space in bytes (for each medium)
- `node_count` (Number) Number of Cypress nodes

Optional:

- `tablet_count` (Number) Number of tablets
- `tablet_static_memory` (Number) Memory volume for dynamic tables loaded into memory


<a id="nestedatt--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Required:

- `action` (String) Either allow (allowing entry) or deny (denying entry).
- `permissions` (Set of String) A list of access types also called permissions.
Supported permissions:
  - read - Means reading a value or getting information about an object or its attributes
  - write - Means changing an object's state or its attributes
  - use - Applies to accounts, pools, and bundles and means usage (that is, the ability to insert new objects into the quota of a given account, run operations in a pool, or move a dynamic table to a bundle)
  - administer - Means changing the object access descriptor
  - create - Applies only to schemas and means creating objects of this type
  - remove - Means removing an object
  - mount - Means mounting, unmounting, remounting, and resharding a dynamic table
  - manage - Applies only to operations (not to Cypress nodes) and means managing that operation or its jobs
- `subjects` (Set of String) A list of names of subjects (users or groups) to which the entry applies.

Optional:

- `inheritance_mode` (String) The inheritance mode of this ACE, by default.
Can be:
  - object_only - The object_only value means that this entry affects only the object itself
  - object_and_descendants - The object_and_descendants value means that this entry affects the object and all its descendants, including indirect ones
  - descendants_only - The descendants_only value means that this entry affects only descendants, including indirect ones. 
  - immediate_descendants_only - The immediate_descendants_only value means that this entry affects only direct descendants (sons)


