---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ytsaurus_scheduler_pool Resource - ytsaurus"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A pool is a container for the CPU and RAM resources that the scheduler uses.
  More information:
  https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/data-processing/scheduler/scheduler-and-pools
  and
  https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/data-processing/scheduler/pool-settings
---

# ytsaurus_scheduler_pool (Resource)

A pool is a container for the CPU and RAM resources that the scheduler uses.

More information:
https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/data-processing/scheduler/scheduler-and-pools
and
https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/data-processing/scheduler/pool-settings



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) YTsaurus scheduler_poll name.
- `pool_tree` (String) A pool_tree name for the pool.

### Optional

- `acl` (Attributes List) A list of ACE records. More information: https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/storage/access-control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl))
- `forbid_immediate_operations` (Boolean) Prohibits the start of operations directly in the given pool; does not apply to starting operations in subpools.
- `integral_guarantees` (Attributes) Integral guarantees configuration. More information: https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/data-processing/scheduler/integral-guarantees. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integral_guarantees))
- `max_operation_count` (Number) Maximum number of operations in all states.
- `max_running_operation_count` (Number) Maximum number of operations in the running state.
- `mode` (String) The scheduling mode. Can be 'fifo' or 'fair_share'.
- `parent_name` (String) A name of the parent pool in the same pool_tree.
- `resource_limits` (Attributes) The resource_limits option describes limits for different resources in a given pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_limits))
- `strong_guarantee_resources` (Attributes) The pool's guaranteed resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strong_guarantee_resources))
- `weight` (Number) A real non-negative number, which is responsible for the proportion in which the subtree should be provided with the resources of the parent pool.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ObjectID in the YTsaurus cluster, can be found in an object's @id attribute.

<a id="nestedatt--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Required:

- `action` (String) Either allow (allowing entry) or deny (denying entry).
- `permissions` (Set of String) A list of access types also called permissions.
Supported permissions:
  - read - Means reading a value or getting information about an object or its attributes
  - write - Means changing an object's state or its attributes
  - use - Applies to accounts, pools, and bundles and means usage (that is, the ability to insert new objects into the quota of a given account, run operations in a pool, or move a dynamic table to a bundle)
  - administer - Means changing the object access descriptor
  - create - Applies only to schemas and means creating objects of this type
  - remove - Means removing an object
  - mount - Means mounting, unmounting, remounting, and resharding a dynamic table
  - manage - Applies only to operations (not to Cypress nodes) and means managing that operation or its jobs
- `subjects` (Set of String) A list of names of subjects (users or groups) to which the entry applies.

Optional:

- `inheritance_mode` (String) The inheritance mode of this ACE, by default.
Can be:
  - object_only - The object_only value means that this entry affects only the object itself
  - object_and_descendants - The object_and_descendants value means that this entry affects the object and all its descendants, including indirect ones
  - descendants_only - The descendants_only value means that this entry affects only descendants, including indirect ones. 
  - immediate_descendants_only - The immediate_descendants_only value means that this entry affects only direct descendants (sons)


<a id="nestedatt--integral_guarantees"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integral_guarantees`

Optional:

- `burst_guarantee_resources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integral_guarantees--burst_guarantee_resources))
- `guarantee_type` (String) A guarantee type, can be 'burst' or 'relaxed'.
- `resource_flow` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integral_guarantees--resource_flow))

<a id="nestedatt--integral_guarantees--burst_guarantee_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integral_guarantees.burst_guarantee_resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Number) CPU cores limit.
- `memory` (Number) Memory limit in bytes.


<a id="nestedatt--integral_guarantees--resource_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integral_guarantees.resource_flow`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Number) CPU cores limit.
- `memory` (Number) Memory limit in bytes.



<a id="nestedatt--resource_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_limits`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Number) CPU cores limit.
- `memory` (Number) Memory limit in bytes.


<a id="nestedatt--strong_guarantee_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strong_guarantee_resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Number) CPU cores limit.
- `memory` (Number) Memory limit in bytes.


