---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ytsaurus_tablet_cell_bundle Resource - ytsaurus"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Tablet cell bundles are needed to combine cells on the basis of common settings.
  More information:
  https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/dynamic-tables/concepts
---

# ytsaurus_tablet_cell_bundle (Resource)

Tablet cell bundles are needed to combine cells on the basis of common settings.

More information:
https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/dynamic-tables/concepts



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) YTsaurus tablet_cell_bundle name.
- `options` (Attributes) Tablet_cell_bundle configuration options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `tablet_cell_count` (Number) Number of cells in a bundle.

### Optional

- `acl` (Attributes List) A list of ACE records. More information: https://ytsaurus.tech/docs/en/user-guide/storage/access-control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl))
- `node_tag_filter` (String) An attribute to select cluster nodes for tablet cells for this bundle.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ObjectID in YTsaurus cluster, can be found in object's @id attribute.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Required:

- `changelog_account` (String) An account to store tablet_cell_bundle's changelogs.
- `changelog_primary_medium` (String) A medium to store the changelog.
- `snapshot_account` (String) An account to store tablet_cell_bundle's snapshots.
- `snapshot_primary_medium` (String) A medium to store the snapshot.

Optional:

- `changelog_read_quorum` (Number) Minimal available replica count such that the changelog can be read.
- `changelog_replication_factor` (Number) How many replicas should be stored for the changelog.
- `changelog_write_quorum` (Number) Minimal number of changelog's replicas to consider the changelog was successfully written.
- `snapshot_replication_factor` (Number) How many replicas should be stored for the snapshot.


<a id="nestedatt--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Required:

- `action` (String) Either allow (allowing entry) or deny (denying entry).
- `permissions` (Set of String) A list of access types also called permissions.
Supported permissions:
  - read - Means reading a value or getting information about an object or its attributes.
  - write - Means changing an object state or its attributes.
  - use - Applies to accounts, pools, and bundles and means usage (that is, the ability to insert new objects into the quota of a given account, run operations in a pool, or move a dynamic table to a bundle).
  - administer - Means changing the object access descriptor.
  - create - Applies only to schemas and means creating objects of this type.
  - remove - Means removing an object.
  - mount - Means mounting, unmounting, remounting, and resharding a dynamic table.
  - manage - Applies only to operations (not to Cypress nodes) and means managing that operation or its jobs.
- `subjects` (Set of String) A list of names of subjects (users or groups) to which the entry applies.

Optional:

- `inheritance_mode` (String) The inheritance mode of this ACE, by default.
Can be:
  - object_only - The object_only value means that this entry affects only the object itself.
  - object_and_descendants - The object_and_descendants value means that this entry affects the object and all its descendants, including indirect ones.
  - descendants_only - The descendants_only value means that this entry affects only descendants, including indirect ones. 
  - immediate_descendants_only - The immediate_descendants_only value means that this entry affects only direct descendants (sons).


